29th:

1.
Admin Main View: Active Courses - Timeframe (2 days +, 1 days -)
				 Missing Certs Window - Level of View: Courses
				 // For both update windows we'll add real-time functionality.

2.
Admin Main View vs Course Responsible View conflict. There is a conflict in terms that we'll have Users who are simultaneously course responsibles and admins and which Landing Page should be prioritised for Main View. We've decided that Admin should always land on Admin Main View as default and that if the Admins wishes he will have a settings checkbox where he can decide on Course Responsible View, which will then be stored for the future until unchecked.


3.
Database Design:

We've discussed userID vs. email as identififaction for participants since both are unique. We decided on userID's not being superficial so that emails could be changed at a later point without corrupting pre-existing data. This is the same accross the board for all actors.

4.
View as functionality:
We've decided to add View as functionality within the Admin Settings pane. It's a dropdown selection of each individual user. When a user is selected and the "View as" button pressed a new window with the program will be launched following that user's access level, when that program is closed the original admin program will not be closed along with it. Both programs will be running simultaneously, admin will be inactive while the other Window is open and reactived once closed.


5. Admins Admin


6. Home Screen

Home Screen will not give you a database view at any point, it will simulate a collection of tabs and buttons that give access to functionality and information through secondary means. The entire program will spawn new Windows the further you go down the rabbit hole. Each previous window till become inactived until you've taken action on the most recently opened window. This way we prevent any confusion and follow the norm in using pop-up windows within a program.


7. Language Fil / Importance: Minor / Risk: None
Til allersidst hvis tiden er til det vil vi implementere en language fil saaledes at man kan skifte imellem sprog.

8. Certificate Generator / Importance: High / Risk: High
We've decided to add a Custom Certificate Generator and have thoughts about using unit testing on this part of the program to ensure proper functionality. This will be prioritised above Language File functionality. The Client would be very happy if this were to be implemented into our program.

9. Database info from Kristian
We are going to run the entire program on a seperate database from their exisiting one. We will have to decide on structure and general implementation thereof.

10. Statistics
Eventually we might add a statistics part so that he can use this functionality for customer retention as suggested by Asger.

11. Password Reset / Importance: Critical / Risk: High
We've discussed the need to add a password reset button before login in case the admin throws away his password so that the system won't be lost. This reset password will be hardcoded into the system. Functionality has not been added in prototype. The password reset system will reset all admin accounts.

12. Generate Course Cert. / Importance: Critical / Risk: Low
Discussing which information should be mandatory.
[ ] Signature of Course Responsible / None Mandatory
[x] Date of Certificate Print / None Mandatory
[ ] Course Participant / None Mandatory
[ ] Course Name	/ Mandatory

We've reasoned that Course Name should be mandatory. They're the bare minimum information required for a certificate. This could come in handy in a scenario where you have a course with hundreds of unregistered participants and you pre-print alot of certificates to be handed out manually at the course itself.

13. Scheduling Feasibility Studies / Source: http://www.simplilearn.com/feasibility-study-article
Scheduling Feasibility is the most important in terms of project success. A project will fail if not completed on time. In scheduling feasibility we estimate how much time the system will take to complete and with our technical skill we need to estimate the period to complete the project using some methods.
